Add samples to doc/examples (#184)
vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk: doc/examples.md

Examples
========

- [Alibaba Cloud MP](../samples/alibaba-cloud-mp)
    - This Management Pack collects some data about Alibaba Cloud ECS Instances and Security Groups. This Management
      Pack has a [walkthrough](../README.md#extending-an-existing-management-pack)

>       guide that shows how to create a new Management Pack.

Reviewer: All of the links to walkthroughs need to be updated.

Examples
========

> - [My SQL Extension MP](../samples/mysql-extension-mp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MySQL Extension MP](../samples/mysql-extension-mp)
```

>     - A Management Pack written in Python using the [VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK](../README.md).

Reviewer: I see this was from the old section, but we probably don't need to specify that we are using the SDK for these - I think that should be implied.

      This Management Pack collects some data from MySQL and attaches them to objects created by the MySQL Management
      Pack.
      This Management Pack has a [walkthrough](../README.md#creating-a-new-management-pack) guide that shows how to

>       create a new Management Pack.

Reviewer: This is reversed - MySQL is an extension MP, and Alibaba is a new MP

- [Alibaba Cloud MP](../samples/alibaba-cloud-mp)
    - A Management Pack written in Python using the [VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK](../README.md).
      This Management Pack collects some data about Alibaba Cloud ECS Instances and Security Groups.
      This Management Pack has a [walkthrough](../README.md#extending-an-existing-management-pack) guide that shows
      how to extend an existing Management Pack.

- [vCenter Extension MP](../samples/vcenter-extension-mp)
    - A Management Pack written in Python using the [VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK](../README.md).

>     This Management Pack collect some data from vCenter and attaches them to object created by the vCenter Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This Management Pack collects some additional Host and VM data from vCenter and attaches them to the corresponding objects created by the vCenter Management
```
